README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="15%" src="https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-frontend-service/blob/initial-documentation/pictures/mainicon.svg" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">SuperVisor</h1>
<h3 align="center">Driver Service</h3>
<p align="center">Reference driver endpoint service written in Falcon, Werkzeug and Psutil</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor&color=teal">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor&color=teal">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor&color=teal">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor&color=teal">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&color=teal&logo=appveyor">
</p>

## Note
This project works as an intuitive remotely accessible system performance monitoring and task management service for servers and headless Raspberry Pi setups, with secure passcode-protected endpoints so that clients can connect via the [SuperVisor Frontend Service](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-frontend-service/) and manage their devices.

## Features
- Zero dependence on pre-rendered template with the use of **DeadSync** to render DOM elements on connection
- Efficient JSON data structure for 100% faster updating with the use of **LiveSync** to refresh DOM contents
- Relatively low overhead from the server during live stat (approx. 2MB over Python 3 runtime usage)
- Live polling time period is left at client-side decision to stick to a simple client-server model
- Added protection using passcode verification parameter check and server-side authentication of data requests
- Decoupled structure allows for connection to frontend service ([Check here](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-frontend-service))
- Authenticated process management endpoints - **`TERMINATE`**, **`KILL`**, **`SUSPEND`** and **`RESUME`** ops
- Rewritten entirely in Falcon WSGI and Werkzeug HTTP server to emphasise on speed, efficiency and cleaner code

## Contribute
You may request for the addition of new features in the [issues](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service/issues) page but as the project is singlehandedly maintained - it might take time to develop on them. Please consider forking the repository and contributing to its development. :heart:

Commit message:

Added table of contents section

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="15%" src="https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-frontend-service/blob/initial-documentation/pictures/mainicon.svg" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">SuperVisor</h1>
<h3 align="center">Driver Service</h3>
<p align="center">Reference driver endpoint service written in Falcon, Werkzeug and Psutil</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor&color=teal">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor&color=teal">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor&color=teal">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor&color=teal">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service?style=flat-square&color=teal&logo=appveyor">
</p>

## Note
This project works as an intuitive remotely accessible system performance monitoring and task management service for servers and headless Raspberry Pi setups, with secure passcode-protected endpoints so that clients can connect via the [SuperVisor Frontend Service](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-frontend-service/) and manage their devices.

## Features
- Zero dependence on pre-rendered template with the use of **DeadSync** to render DOM elements on connection
- Efficient JSON data structure for 100% faster updating with the use of **LiveSync** to refresh DOM contents
- Relatively low overhead from the server during live stat (approx. 2MB over Python 3 runtime usage)
- Live polling time period is left at client-side decision to stick to a simple client-server model
- Monitoring information is provided by the awesome **`psutil`** library
- Added protection using passcode verification parameter check and server-side authentication of data requests
- Decoupled structure allows for connection to frontend service ([Check here](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-frontend-service))
- Authenticated process management endpoints - **`TERMINATE`**, **`KILL`**, **`SUSPEND`** and **`RESUME`** ops
- Rewritten entirely in Falcon WSGI and Werkzeug HTTP server to emphasise on speed, efficiency and cleaner code

## Table of contents
1. [Home](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service/wiki)
2. [Notice](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service/wiki/Notice)
3. [Installing on Raspberry Pi](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service/wiki/Installing-on-Raspberry-Pi)
4. [Installing on a Generic PC](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service/wiki/Installing-on-a-Generic-PC)
5. [Download releases](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service/releases)
6. [SuperVisor Frontend Service](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-frontend-service)

## Contribute
You may request for the addition of new features in the [issues](https://github.com/t0xic0der/supervisor-driver-service/issues) page but as the project is singlehandedly maintained - it might take time to develop on them. Please consider forking the repository and contributing to its development. :heart:
